# packages in environment at /home/akratz/miniforge3/envs/crispra:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
absl-py                   2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.9.3           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
aiosignal                 1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
astunparse                1.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-timeout             4.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     23.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
biopython                 1.83            py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
blinker                   1.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
boto3                     1.34.61            pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
botocore                  1.34.61         pyge310_1234567_0    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py310hc6cd4ac_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                hd590300_5    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.27.0               hd590300_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.2.2             hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cachetools                5.3.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.2.2           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.16.0          py310h2fee648_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.7           unix_pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
cryptography              42.0.5          py310h75e40e8_0    conda-forge
cuda-crt-tools            12.4.99              ha770c72_0    conda-forge
cuda-cudart               12.4.99              hd3aeb46_0    conda-forge
cuda-cudart_linux-64      12.4.99              h59595ed_0    conda-forge
cuda-nvcc-tools           12.4.99              hd3aeb46_0    conda-forge
cuda-nvrtc                12.4.99              hd3aeb46_0    conda-forge
cuda-nvtx                 12.4.99              h59595ed_0    conda-forge
cuda-nvvm-tools           12.4.99              h59595ed_0    conda-forge
cuda-version              12.4                 h3060b56_3    conda-forge
cudnn                     8.8.0.121            h264754d_4    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
et_xmlfile                1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
flatbuffers               23.5.26              h59595ed_1    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.49.0                   pypi_0    pypi
frozenlist                1.4.1           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
gast                      0.5.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h0b41bf4_3    conda-forge
google-auth               2.28.2             pyhca7485f_0    conda-forge
google-auth-oauthlib      1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-pasta              0.2.0              pyh8c360ce_0    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.59.3          py310h1b8f574_0    conda-forge
h5py                      3.10.0          nompi_py310h65828d5_101    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.3          nompi_h4f84152_100    conda-forge
icu                       73.2                 h59595ed_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        7.0.2              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
jmespath                  1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
keras                     2.15.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.5                    pypi_0    pypi
krb5                      1.21.2               h659d440_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h41732ed_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20230802.1      cxx17_h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.2                h59595ed_1    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           21_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           21_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcublas                 12.4.2.65            hd3aeb46_0    conda-forge
libcufft                  11.2.0.44            hd3aeb46_0    conda-forge
libcurand                 10.3.5.119           hd3aeb46_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.5.0                hca28451_0    conda-forge
libcusolver               11.6.0.99            hd3aeb46_0    conda-forge
libcusparse               12.3.0.142           hd3aeb46_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.1                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 13.2.0               h807b86a_5    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            13.2.0               h69a702a_5    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.2.0               ha4646dd_5    conda-forge
libgomp                   13.2.0               h807b86a_5    conda-forge
libgrpc                   1.59.3               hd6c4280_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           21_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.58.0               h47da74e_1    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libnvjitlink              12.4.99              hd3aeb46_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.26          pthreads_h413a1c8_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.43               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libprotobuf               4.24.4               hf27288f_0    conda-forge
libre2-11                 2023.09.01           h7a70373_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.45.1               h2797004_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h0841786_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              13.2.0               h7e041cc_5    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libxcrypt                 4.4.36               hd590300_1    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               hd590300_5    conda-forge
localcider                0.1.21                   pypi_0    pypi
markdown                  3.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.5           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.8.3                    pypi_0    pypi
ml_dtypes                 0.2.0           py310hcc13569_2    conda-forge
multidict                 6.0.5           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
nccl                      2.20.5.1             h3a97aeb_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.4                  h59595ed_2    conda-forge
numpy                     1.26.4          py310hb13e2d6_0    conda-forge
oauthlib                  3.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
openpyxl                  3.1.2           py310h2372a71_1    conda-forge
openssl                   3.2.1                hd590300_1    conda-forge
opt_einsum                3.3.0              pyhc1e730c_2    conda-forge
packaging                 24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.1           py310hcc13569_0    conda-forge
pillow                    10.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pip                       24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
progress                  1.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  4.24.4          py310h620c231_0    conda-forge
pyasn1                    0.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyjwt                     2.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 24.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
python                    3.10.13         hd12c33a_1_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-flatbuffers        24.3.7             pyh59ac667_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.10                    4_cp310    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyu2f                     0.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
re2                       2023.09.01           h7f4b329_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
requests                  2.31.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
requests-oauthlib         1.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rsa                       4.9                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
s3transfer                0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.12.0                   pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                69.1.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.1.10               h9fff704_0    conda-forge
tensorboard               2.15.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tensorboard-data-server   0.7.0           py310h75e40e8_1    conda-forge
tensorflow                2.15.0          cuda120py310h9360858_3    conda-forge
tensorflow-base           2.15.0          cuda120py310heceb7ac_3    conda-forge
tensorflow-estimator      2.15.0          cuda120py310h549c77d_3    conda-forge
termcolor                 2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.10.0               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.10.0             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024a                h0c530f3_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
werkzeug                  3.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.42.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.14.1          py310h5764c6d_1    conda-forge
xlsxwriter                3.1.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yarl                      1.9.4           py310h2372a71_0    conda-forge
zipp                      3.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.5                hfc55251_0    conda-forge
